This site exists to provide more transparency for the OpenHatch organization.

Right now, there is a for-profit corporation that is closing down. As discussed at [this blog post](https://openhatch.org/blog/2011/openhatch-gains-full-time-project-lead-transitioning-into-a-non-profit/), Asheesh Laroia is working on OpenHatch "full-time" and we are creating a non-profit.

For the moment, this site will contain a "Captain's Log": a blog of daily, quite-short updates by Asheesh on what happened in a day. They're quite informal.

Eventually I expect to publish OpenHatch's corporate documents here.

[[!inline pages="page(./log/*) and !*/Discussion" show="10"
actions=no rootpage="log"]]

## Accounting

We keep our accounting data in git. Access information:

First, get the git repo:

    git clone git@vm3.openhatch.org:oh-accounting.git

Then, 'cd' in and get the ledger balance:

    cd oh-accounting
    cd ledger-data
    ledger -f 2012 bal --strict

Possible problem:

* *Don't have ledger installed?* apt-get install ledger, or install it from its own git repo
* *Don't have permission to do the git-clone?* Talk to Asheesh, and get him to add your SSH key.

## Corporate paperwork, e.g. EIN Confirmation

It's all in this git repo:

    git clone git@vm3.openhatch.org:oh-corporate-documents.git

## California registration

Here are the steps I'm going through (tracking them here):

Goal 1: Register as foreign corporation

* Get Certificate of Good Standing
  * Status: Received. (after a request from MA Secretary of State)
    * But the version I have needs to say that we're a nonstock, nonprofit corporation, and this doesn't.
    * So I just emailed a reply asking if they can add that.
* Put $30 in the mail with the form.
  * I just requested that Bank of America send me a check proof, which I can then use to buy checks online from a check vendor.
* Fill out the S^DC-NONPROFIT form, and send it in the mail.

Goal 2: File with Franchise Tax Board for nonprofit status

(If we don't do this, we pay $800 in yearly minimum California franchise tax.)

* Fill out FTB 3500, once we're registered. Deal with that post-registration.
